1. Administrator requests access to a service.
2. Management UI receives the request.
3. Management UI forwards the request to Management API.
4. Management API sends the request to the Municipality Inway.
5. Inway forwards the request to Management API of the Municipality.
6. Management API stores the access request in the Management Database.
7. Administrator views pending access requests in the Management UI.
8. Management UI retrieves pending access requests from Management API.
9. Management API gets pending access requests from the Management Database.
10. Management Database returns pending access requests to Management API.
11. Management API returns pending access requests to Management UI.
12. Management UI displays pending access requests to the Administrator.
13. Administrator approves access request in the Management UI.
14. Management UI forwards the approval to Management API.
15. Management API creates an access grant in the Saas Organization Inway.
16. Inway forwards the access grant request to Management API of the Saas Organization.
17. Management API stores the access grant in the Management Database of the Saas Organization.
18. Administrator views access grants for the service in the Management UI.
19. Management UI retrieves access grants for the service from Management API.
20. Management API gets access grants for the service from the Saas Organization Inway.
21. Inway forwards the access grants request to Management API of the Saas Organization.
22. Management API retrieves access grants for the service from the Management Database of the Saas Organization.
23. Management Database returns access grants for the service to Management API.
24. Management API returns access grants for the service to Inway of the Saas Organization.
25. Inway of the Saas Organization returns access grants for the service to Management API of the Municipality.
26. Management API returns access grants for the service to Management UI of the Municipality.
27. Management UI displays access grants for the service to the Administrator.
